Promote `gradient_kwargs` to a positional keyword argument in `QNode` (#6828)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/development/deprecations.rst

Pending deprecations
--------------------

> * Specifying gradient keyword arguments is deprecated and will be removed in v0.42. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> * Specifying gradient keyword arguments is deprecated and will be removed in v0.42. 
>   Instead, please specify all arguments through the ``gradient_kwargs`` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specifying gradient keyword arguments as any additional keyword argument to the qnode is deprecated
  and will be removed in v0.42.  The gradient keyword arguments should be passed to the new
  keyword argument `gradient_kwargs` via an explicit dictionary, like `gradient_kwargs={"h": 1e-4}`.
```
